The robot is equipped with infrared and thermal imaging cameras, in addition to a sound and light alarm system. It stops
suspected lock down violators, and it asks them to show their IDs and papers to prove that they have a valid reason to be
outdoors. Lock down restrictions have been in place since March 22. Tunisia has reported more than 500 confirmed cases of
infection and 19 deaths from the coronavirus.However, many companies have money problems because of this. These are companies like restaurants or travel agencies. People lose their jobs. Small businesses close down. Bigger companies do not make things.

Scientists are quick to state that the presence of these organic molecules is not sufficient evidence for ancient life on Mars, as the molecules could have been formed by non-living processes. But it's still one of the most astonishing discoveries, which could lead to future revelations. Especially when one considers the other startling find that Curiosity uncovered around five years ago.

However, the next morning, the goats came back. They laid on lawns, and they enjoyed the sunshine. It was not dangerous because
the streets were unusually quiet, so local residents decided not to disturb the goats.Around 100 wild goats came to a town
center of a Welsh town. The goats usually dare to come only when the weather is bad. However, currently, the streets are empty
because Wales is on coronavirus lockdown.

Satellite images show the fluctuations in nitrogen dioxide levels across China. A European Space Agency official said that it
was certainly due to the fact that all industrial activities were reduced dramatically.The environmental impact of global
lockdown measures is now visible from space. Pollution levels have dropped sharply in countries that have been hit by
coronavirus.

I have just returned from a weekend away with my friends and on the journey back home I took some time to reflect back on the
past couple of months since I arrived in France in September. When I first arrived in France I was nervous of what was ahead of
me and did not know what to expect … Well, it has definitely been a roller coaster and I have loved being here so far. Of
course moving to a new country and leaving family and friends is very difficult but it is also very exciting.

These are just a few thoughts - I could write a very long list. By taking the time to reflect I have realized that by learning
a new language you gain so many possibilities, whether it be reading a book in another language, ordering a drink in another
language or being lucky enough to work or study abroad like me. We are always learning and developing as individuals.

Britain is famous all over the world for its gardens, dogs, villages, buses, cars, private schools, the Queen, sports like
football and cricket, Parliament. However, not so much has been written about the wonderful food that can be found in Britain.
Read two texts about food and say what the English eat and what the British food is like. Is there any difference between the
English and the British food? Texts is for beginners and for the upper-intermediate level.

For breakfast English people often have porridge with milk and sugar. They don’t eat much bread. They usually have toasts. They
enjoy drinking strong tea with milk.At one o’clock English people have lunch. They usually have lunch in a restaurant or a cafe.

Bears usually have a big body with short and thick legs. They have a broad head and a very short tail. They have small eyes and
round ears. They usually have longer, shaggy fur. On each foot they have five claws, which they cannot pull back. They use
their claws for digging, climbing, and hunting. They can stand up on their back legs and their front paws are flexible. Usually
bears can climb and swim very well. Males are usually bigger than females. Most bears except the giant panda are only one
color. Most bears are russet, brown, or black.

You almost went through a stop sign! In a driverless car, you can look at the balloon. The car sees the stop sign without your
help and stops the car. Car makers and others are already testing driverless cars or AVs (automated vehicles) in the U.S. and
other countries. Some companies are working together on driverless technology. Intel (USA) is working with BMW (Germany) and
Mobileye (Israel) on a driverless car. Google (USA) and Nissan (Japan) are making their own driverless cars. In the U.S. car
makers can test AVs in Florida, California, Nevada, and the District of Columbia.